DESCRIPTION:
             I would like to create an app on HOME CARE. This app gives you complete knowledge regarding
             any injury as well as how to take care of your newly born baby. It also includes information
             for old age group regarding their health.
             
OBJECTIVE:  
             My goal is to make the life easy for old age group and to give useful knowledge
             regarding newly born babies to parents.

PLATFORM:            
             This app will runs both on iOS and on Android also.
        
WHY CREATING THIS APP: 
          1. I am creating this app because in the modern era, both the father and mother are
             working, sometimes a father has to taken care of his child. If he does not have any
             knowledge then he can get knowledge from this app and also watch different experiences 
             that are shared by another persons regarding taking care of babies.
          2. Another reason is for helping old age group, if they need any information regarding their health
             as well as any kind of help that they want, they can just simply get it from this app.

MAKE SOME PART OF MY LIFE: 
             It will make some part of my life in such a way that, it gives me complete knowledge regarding 
             the injuries and precautions for that particular injuries. It will also includes an ancient and modern
             tips to get rid of any type of injury.
             
WHAT PROBLEMS DOES IT SOLVE?:
          1. It is helpful if a father whose wife is not at home for some reasons,he needs to take care of 
             his baby then he can take help from this app regarding at what time he should give food to his baby,
             what are the utilities for baby? If he wants nanny service, he can also hire a nanny with the help of
             this app.
          2. If an old person does not find any care taker, he/she can hire a care taker with the help of "HOME CARE" 
             app in very easy way and without facing any difficulty. I solve their problem and make their life better.
          3. Sometimes after any type of surgery an old people does not get proper care and nutritious diet. This app 
             will also solve their problem and give them a complete nutritious diet after that particular surgery.